Craig which couple are you going to save
based on this performance and the
dance-off alone I'm going to go for
musicality and supers and that person is
Leticia who do you think deserves to
stay in the competition I never thought
it was going to be such a difficult
choice but I said spring in the step and
spring she did I'm saving Leticia
when I say Letitia and Darrin that means
you are through Bruno who would you like
to see back here next week
well I think one person tonight rate is
gaming these dams shown and excelled and
that person is Letitia
you know you
from dancing
come on Joey
sure just to make sure Len did you agree
with the other three judges if I could
have judged purely with my heart yes you
would have been back but I have to judge
with my brain and on that performance
latisha
just HD I'll just is it but only you've
been absolutely lovely you really have
not only the great spirit that the last
you've given us and now you prove that
you can dance because it go dancing with
your lovely wife Gavin please you
shouldn't have got out you think she's
good at her cup of thank you dear
everyone behind that the camera crews
and makeup artists that people do the
clothes in the wardrobe but to all that
has been most amazing she's taking me
from an absolute disaster to something
can dance yeah and also James and Gabby
felicity
you